Homework 6
CS 171, Fall 2013
Eric Pelz

This assignment extends the shaded renderer created in Homework 4 to load and
display textures on the objects, as well as adds an animated water-like surface.
The input format is OpenInventor, as in previous homeworks. If the input file
contains Textures, then these are used instead of shading. Otherwise, shading (as
in homework 4) works as expected. If textures are used, then an additional animated
water-like surface is on the bottom of the screen.

PreLab Questions:
  1) The range [0, 1] x [0, 1] of texture coordinates corresponds to the whole
     texture image.
  2) In OpenGL's sphere mapping, texture coordinates are determinated using
     normal vectors and position. In simple terms, it is as if there is an
     infinitely big sphere surrounding the surface, and the normal vector of
     a given point points to the texture coordinate.

All previous controls work. For a recap:
  - [TEXTURE ONLY] a - Toggle animated water on bottom of screen
  - [SHADING ONLY] w - Toggle wireframe mode
  - [SHADING ONLY] f - Toggle flat shading mode
  - [SHADING ONLY] g - Toggle Gouraud shading mode

The program can also rotate, translate, and zoom the object:
- Rotate by clicking and dragging using the left mouse button. This uses a simple approach
  by rotating the image by an amount proportional to the length of the mouse drag.
- Translate by clicking and dragging with the right mouse button. The magnitude is proportional
  to the length of the mouse drag, and direction that of the mouse drag.
- Zoom by pressing shift and dragging with the right mouse button. The magnitude is proportional
  to the vertical displacement of the mouse drag.
Note: Translate and zoom switched to use right mouse button, for easier testing with laptops.

The program can be envoked using `python oglTexRenderer.py xRes yRes < iv-file`.

[EXTRA CREDIT?] Toggle the animated water using the `a` key
Does not display animated water if OpenInventor file uses shading (wouldn't make sense)

The code was testing using the test files on the course website, and all seems to work as desired.
